Fixes for #891 (#892)
poldracklab/mriqc: docs/source/install.rst

.. warning::

	As of MRIQC 0.9.4, Python 2 is no longer supported.
	

> matplotlib/Tcl warning::

Author: This is a warning concerning Tcl, I think making it explicit in title may be useful.

> matplotlib/Tcl warning::

Reviewer: Is your proposal RST valid? (I don't think so)

> matplotlib/Tcl warning::

Author: No idea, I don't know RST.

> matplotlib/Tcl warning::

Reviewer: Hence, my suggestion. The goal is that this document renders correctly. If you don't accept this suggestion, it won't render correctly.

> matplotlib/Tcl warning::

Reviewer: Yes, not rendering properly: https://3541-49015296-gh.circle-artifacts.com/0/docs/_build/html/install.html

	MRIQC uses matplotlib to create graphics. By default matlpotlib 
	uses interactive Tck interface, which requires graphic enveronment working. 
	If such enveronment is not present (for ex. when running under tmux),
	you may see an error: ::
	
		_tkinter.TclError: couldn't connect to display "localhost:10.0"
	

> 	To fix it you need uncomment "backend : Agg" line in configuration file 
> 	of matplotlib. The location of configuration file can be retrieved
> 	from python command prompt: ::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	There are two pathways to fix this issue.
	One is setting up a virtual display with a tool like XVfb.
	Alternatively, you can configure your matplotlib distribution to perform on
	head-less mode by default.
	That is achieved by uncommenting the ``backend : Agg`` line in the matplotlib's
	configuration file.
	The location of the configuration file can be retrieved with Python::
```

> 	> import matplotlib
> 	> print(matplotlib.matplotlib_fname())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	  >>> import matplotlib
	  >>> print(matplotlib.matplotlib_fname())

      Alternatively, you can issue the following shell command-line to edit this setting::
      
        $ sed -i 's/\(backend *: \).*$/\1Agg/g' $( python -c "import matplotlib; print(matplotlib.matplotlib_fname())" )

```

Author: Not sure that `sed` is needed for changing one value in one configuration file. 
Also a typo in line may lead to unpredictable results.

Reviewer: Sure, that's why we are still providing both mechanisms for people to do this. In general, a typo on any command line could potentially lead to unpredictable results - I think we can trust users know that.

Reviewer: Also, if you are using tmux or a headless terminal (e.g., on a cluster) that means you are probably familiar with some shell rudiments. And if you are not savvy on shell, I think copying and pasting this is much easier than running python and then getting trapped into `vim` or `emacs` or `nano`.

IMHO this is safe to suggest, and I'd be actually inclined to make the suggestion the default.

Author: You are the boss
